Adds near_real_time parameter to the knn query doc (#155616)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/query-dsl/query-dsl-knn-query.md

:   (Optional, float) The percentage of vectors to explore per shard while doing knn search with `bbq_disk`. Must be between 0 and 100.  0 will default to using `num_candidates` for calculating the percent visited. Increasing `visit_percentage` tends to improve the accuracy of the final results.  If `visit_percentage` is set for `bbq_disk`, `num_candidates` is ignored. Defaults to ~1% per shard for every 1 million vectors.

> `near_real_time` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5`

Reviewer: ~not available on serverless?~ 

Ignore, same brain fart as other PR :D

> :   (Optional, boolean) Controls whether approximate kNN search includes vectors from data that was indexed recently but not yet fully prepared for search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   (Optional, boolean) Controls whether approximate kNN search includes vectors from data that was indexed recently but not yet fully optimized for search.
```

like the companion PR, let's just go with `optimized` everywhere for consistency

    When `true`, kNN search can include vectors from newly indexed data, even if {{es}} has not finished optimizing them yet.
    When `false`, kNN search skips vectors that are not yet fully optimized. 
    

>     Indexing runs faster on large vector workloads, but documents you just indexed may not appear in kNN results until preparation finishes.

Reviewer: this is referring to the `false` behavior? it feels a bit free-floating here, can't see preview but should be immediately after the false description :)

The wording could also be tightened a smidge, with less hedging:

```suggestion
    Indexing throughput is higher on large vector workloads, but newly indexed documents won't appear in kNN results immediately.
```

>     Defaults to `true` for `standard` index mode and `false` for `vectordb_document`.

Reviewer: link to modes page(s)?
